MainButton1: Start
MainButton2: Continue
MainButton3: Dictionary
MainButton4: Setting
Setting1: Setting
Setting2: Music
Setting3: Effect
Setting4: Language
DictionaryTitle: Dictionary
InformationTitle: Information
Error: Error
BackButton: Back
FrierenLore: Frieren is a mage of a peaceful era who has lived over 1000 years.\\After her village was overtaken by demons, her master Flamme, taught her magic that would allow her to eliminate them.\\She lived alone in a forest for a long time after Flamme's death, until she was recruited by Himmel, Heiter and Eisen with the goal of vanquishing the Demon King. They journeyed for 10 years, went through countless adventures together and ultimately defeated the Demon King.
RimuruLore: Rimuru Tempest is the ruler of the Jura Tempest Federation and a member of Octagram, the Eight-Star Demon Lords.\\Originally, Rimuru was an ordinary office worker living in Tokyo. However, after being stabbed and killed, Rimuru was reincarnated into the Central World. Realizing that he had been reborn as a slime with memories from his previous life, Rimuru successfully adapted to this new world with the help of his Unique Skill, 'Great Sage.'
MilimLore: Millim Nava is a dragonoid,born between a true dragon and a human. Like Rimuru, she is also a member of the Octagram, the Eight-star Demon Lords\\As the longest reigning Demon Lord, Millim's combat prowess is mighty and admired by all. When Rimuru first encountered Millim's ambition, he noted that it was every bit as powerful as that of 'Storm Dragon Veldora'. Millim demonstrated her combat capabilities by efortlessly destroying a Charybdis that was unaffected by Rimuru's attacks with a single blow and wiping out the Beast Kingdom after being attacked by the Demon Lord Carrion. However despite her immense power, she is often underestimated due to her childlike apperreance.
FernLore: Fern is a first-class mage and an apprentice of Frieren.\\Fern, who lost everything and became an orphan during a past war, was on the verge of ending her own life by jumping off a ravine when she was saved by a priest named Heiter. Deeply respecting Heiter, who raised her, she sought to repay his kindness by learning to live independently.
StarkLore:Stark is a warrior who serves as the vanguard in Frieren's group.\\Born in a warrior village, he lost everything when demons razed his homeland, leaving him as an orphan. He was later taken in by the seasoned warrior Eisen, becoming his first disciple.\\One day, during one fateful argument, Stark voiced his reluctance to fight monsters and, in the heat of the moment, was accidentally struck by Eisen's attack. This incident left him deeply traumatized.
ShunaLore: Shuna serves as the chief economic advisor of the Jura Tempest Federation and is a princess of the Ogre Tribe.\\After surviving the Orc Invasion, she journeyed with a group of Ogre survivors, seeking revenge on a masked Majin. During this quest, she came across Rimuru Tempest and engaged in battle due to a misunderstanding. However, Shuna quickly intervened, realizing Rimuru was not the Majin they sought. After hearing about their plight, Rimuru extended an offer for the Ogre survivors to join him as his subordinates, a proposition which they accepted.
DaiLore: Dai is the Dragon Knight, born to bring balance to the world, Dai's the hero who continued the will of hero Avan to defeat Dark King Vearn, and is also Avan's fourth student.\\In the past, he was separated from his parents and raised by Lump Shaman Brass in Dermline Island. brass told stories of past heroes and taught him various magic spells. Brass wanted Dai to grow as a great mage who aids the hero, but Dai always dreamt of becoming a hero himself.
PoppLore: Popp is Hero Avan's third student and an excellent mage.\\He received mage training as Avan's student. Popp was born the son of an arms merchant in a small village called Lankarks. But upon feeling a sense of admiration towards Hero Avan who visited the village one day, Popp leaves his hometown immediately to become Avan's student.\\Popp began to gain courage after meeting companions. Before, Popp would usually avoid hard training and fights. However, seeing his companions Maam and Dai fight against the Dark Army, he also came to pluck up his courage. Popp, who wanted to become stronger, thereafter receives hard training from Matoriv, a former member of Avan's party. He learns powerful magic and grows to the next level as a mage. One example is the Extreme Annihilation Spell, Medroa, which is an arrow-shaped form of magic that can wipe out an entire area.
LinaLore: Lina Inverse is a Sorceress from Zepheel city, Zephilia Kingdom's capital.\\Lina succeeded in reading the magical Claire Bible. She also defeated powerful enemies like Hellmaster Fibrizo at the end of her long adventure with her past comrades. However, she fell into a mysterious dimensional rift at the last moment and landed on Kanterbury Kingdom with her party.\\Lina uses her motto "villains don't have rights" to take down numerous robbers and take their valuables. Lina's known to tenaciously hunt robbers because she combined her hobby with practical benefits. Her infamy spread to earn the title of 'Robbers' Killer', and she never lets anything slide. Most robbers lose their will to fight after hearing the name 'Lina Inverse'.
XellosLore: Xellos introduces himself as the mystery priest, but he's actually a high-ranking mazoku. He serves under one of the five subordinates, the Greater Beast.\\Like his self introduction he's a figure veiled in mystery. Many have attempted to figure out his identity and intentions, but the only response they got from him was "that's a secret".\\Xellos uses negative emotions of life forms like fear, hate and depression as nourishment just like other mazoku. He extremely detests positive emotions such as love, and friendship.
MaamLore: Maam is Hero Avan's second student, and a Martial Artist with superhuman strength.\\She was born under a Warrior father and a Monk mother and got both talents from her parents. While Maam was a Monk, she couldn't use attack spells. After meeting Master Avan, she obtains the Magic Bullet Gun from him. Maam was hesitant at first, using a powerful weapon like the Magic Bullet Gun. However, she was deeply inspired by Master Avan's words 'Just as strength without justice is powerless, so too is justice without strength'. Maam surpassed using healing and support spells and can now use attacking spells using the Magic Bullet Gun. Later, Maam comes up with her motto of 'One can't protect others with only love and kindness'. She trained continuously and yearned for power. As a result, she got the strength to protect her own village, and graduated from Avan's lessons to become a disciple of Avan.
GourryLore:Gourry Gabriev is a descendant of the warrior who slayed the chimera Zanaffar. He's a skilled swordsman who has no match among humans.\\Gourry has looks that would make anyone's head turn, but his intelligence is slightly lacking in contrast to his appearance. If a topic becomes even slightly complex, he fails to understand it. Gourry also doesn't know common sense that even a child might have. However, he still remembers every little detail about Lina.